Migration to AsciiDoc (#549)
OpenSimulationInterface/open-simulation-interface: doc/architecture/feature_data.adoc

> = Feature data

Author: No change (see discussion above)

> = Feature data

Reviewer: please resolve this conversation if the discussion is concluded.

> Feature data contains detected features in the reference frame of a sensor.

Author: Changed to "feature-data messages".

> Feature-data messages contains detected features in the reference frame of a sensor.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Feature-data messages contain detected features in the reference frame of a sensor.
```

Author: Changed

> Feature data is generated from ground-truth data.

Author: Changed to plural

> It serves, for example, as input for sensor models simulating object detection or feature fusion models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
They serve, for example, as input to sensor models simulating object detection or feature fusion models.
```
